Having writer’s block just means you're a no-talented assclown that can offer this world no intellectual stimulation.
If it’s been more than a day since you wrote anything compelling, then you're an just empty vessel for me to shit in.
If it’s hard to get creative, then maybe you should smash your head into the wall.
The artistic geniuses that you look up to for inspiration would rather snort parakeet shit than see what you've been working on.
Your song sucks, because it doesn't even sound like a real song. It sounds like sperm dying in someone's mouth.
Your book lacks insight into the human condition, so you should go work at a company or something.
You don’t have the world experience to be interesting, and deep down inside, you know you'll never understand what I'm saying.
Your script isn’t original and will never sell because, simply put, we've come too far in society. 
You have no originality because you're not special, and if that makes you cry, then I'm happy and right.
Your writing material is the equivalent of sheep crapping on a shepherd’s face.
If you stare into a cow’s asshole, you’ll find your creativity and maybe your wristwatch.
When I try to analyze your artistic intent, blood shoots out of my eyes and nose and then my hair catches on fire.
If you stare into the mirror to gaze into your soul for inspiration, you'll end up ordering a pizza.
The day you thought you could be a writer was the day you began your descent into clinical insanity.
If you threw pages of your manuscript away, everyone's day would suddenly be better.
Your book that you're writing is like the Bible, except it would inspire no one.
Your artistic vision is marred by the fact that in essence, you are blind.
You’re a visionary in your eyes, and your eyes only.
The way things are going, you won’t find an audience. Ha ha!
A cloud of methane leaving a cow’s ass is more stimulating than what your creativity produces.
All those obstacles you think you have to making a movie, song, or whatever don’t exist, but it's nice to make excuses to not finish something.
If you think you face “the struggles of a writer” then you need to be trapped in a salt mine to understand what a "struggle" is.
Being alone and trying to write something can be depressing, but it's better than having diarrhea.
Unearthing your creativity would take 50 miners and millions of under-the-table wages.
If the creative thing you’re working on is an app, then……………that’s pretty cool. Hope it goes well.
Hello! How you doing? FUCK YOU GET ON THAT WORD PROCESSOR AND TYPE THAT WEIRD AVANT-GARDE STORY YOU WANT TO WRITE.
A orangutan’s set of glorious testicles is more inspiring than your work. Just some notes from me to you.
Every movie studio would get depressed and stop making movies after reading your wretched script.
Nobody cares if you want to be the voice of your generation, they just care if you make them interested in what you have to say.
When I look into your eyes, I see an original, inspiring, piece of ass sweat.
Originality in art is hard to attain, and if you reached for it, you'd find that you'd get tired and give up, which is what you should do.
Whatever play/script/book/song you’re working on will be a classic…piece…of…shit. Haaaaaa haa ha.
If you finish that album, or stupid novel, or whatever bullshit you're working on, tell yourself "I've done something semi-interesting!"
The manifestation of your artistic intent would be two dogs 69’ing and shitting all over the place.
If you need a break from writing, take a nap; you need rest after accomplishing nothing.
The name of your script should be called “Shit Poop”—starring you.
You’re as creatively original as a rancid potted plant on some douchefuck’s windowsill.
The amount of artistic merit you have can be calculated by taking the number 1 and dividing it by shit-covered balls.
If you vomited all over your creative project, you’d immediately improve its quality.
To be a great writer, you have to—it doesn’t matter, you suck and need drastic work done to improve.
I’m flattered that you’re reading this, but try working on your creative project, yeah?
The only thing stopping you from finishing your creative project should be death, but your actions disprove that.
It's impossible to be a successful writer, architect, musician, but that's because you're a sucker, you bag of nothing.
Whatever you’re doing now, like shoving anal beads up your butt, gets in the way of that shitty script you want to finish.
Your pen isn't covered in acid, just pick it up and try to put your ideas down to paper. 
Wake up, work and write, write and work, brainstorm, whatever…then do it 999999 more times, and if you cry then you're a failure.
Before you die and fall into the eternal abyss, finish that creative project!
Nobody cares, but finish that creative thingy you’re working on, I guess.
So….I can’t think of anything creative to say to help you on your creative project. (Get it?)
Some geniuses can write a perfect first draft, but that’s not you. Try, and try, and try, and then don't congratulate yourself for trying.
