Go ahead, eat that hot dog. Fatty. That’s right: you’re fat. And nobody wants to fuck you. 
Keep eating that hamburger. It’s not like you’ll get a heart attack and suddenly die.
The greasier the food you eat, the more successful and healthy you’ll become, even though I'm lying.
Why eat vegetables? Because they provide nutrients and strengthen your immune system? That's dumb. 
It’s hard eating healthy. Buying nutritious food, putting it on a plate, and then eating it is like rocket science. 
Don’t eat carrots; the fact that they can help prevent cancer and improve eyesight was made up by the Illuminati. 
The more French fries you eat, the more likely you’ll get stuck falling through a sewer hole.
If you’re eating trans fat, then you are a terrible person that contributes nothing to this world.
Go ahead, order that pizza. It’s ok to be someone who can’t exercise restraint.
Shut the fuck up and eat healthier, you useless mass of atoms.  
If you’re a parent, then keep eating shitty food because every child wants a tub of lard as a role model.
The more red meat you eat, the more likely you’ll die right before a family gathering, birthday, or wedding. 
Don’t eat vegetables, since if you did you’d be leaner & have more energy. But that’s super gay.
Those rolls of fat on your torso is super sexy. Ignore the fact that my nose is suddenly growing. 
People that play sports, run regularly, and are generally active secretly have cooties. You don’t want cooties, right?
If your family is trying to motivate you to lose weight and you're not listening, then you should be disowned.  
Let’s be honest—you look like shit. If you stood next to a pile of dog crap nobody would be able to tell the difference.
You look like Marlon Brando when he filmed The Island of Dr. Moreau. 
Your stomach is where dreams go to die. 
Your awful diet would make every child turn into a depressed drug addict.
Your legacy will be that you had a horrible diet and your organs failed you early in life.
Oh, you haven’t had an apple in a while? Fuck you.  
Fiber makes you livelier, cheeseburgers makes shit water shoot out your asshole.
Eating healthy is soooooooo hard. It’s ok. Go ahead and cry. Waaaaahhh.
Diet soda is still bad for you, moron. Drink some fucking water.
It seems like the purpose of your life is to have that extra cheeseburger, and then die early.
The next time you look into a mirror, don’t be surprised if it pulls out a gun and shoots itself in the face.
You look like complete and utter shit.
You look like diarrhea shooting out of a giraffe’s asshole. 
You’re so out of shape that people’s eyeballs burst into flames when they look at you.
When people look at you they suddenly develop dyslexia. 
If you wrap your food in bacon then I hope a pig squadron comes and shits in your mouth.
You have the most massive gut of all time. Must feel good every time you can't see your genitals.
The only person that can properly get on top of you and fuck you is… no one. Because you’re huge. 
You’re so big that people run laps around you to train for marathons. And then they get medals. Except you.
Every step you take increases the chance of an earthquake occurring.
Every time you step into the ocean, you’re causing a tsunami at a far-away country.
There isn’t a camera lens wide enough to capture your entire body. Get it? Because you’re fat. 
Whenever you jump, you create an irreparable hole in the ozone layer.
You have enough fat to….ah forget it. You’re so depressing to look at it kills my creativity. Fuck.
You will never be able to save someone due to your physical strength because of your gluttony.
When you complain about losing weight, you're insulting people with real problems (like being murdered).
You don’t have to exercise, really, but then everyone will make fun of you.
Poking you in the stomach causes ripples that would register on the Richter scale. 
When someone talks to you, your gut absorbs their sound waves, thus making them inaudible, and I hate you.
Everyone is staring at you. You know why? Because you’re fat. Time to work your abs!
If you eat enough junk food, you can actually die sooner.  Cool right?
If you have a shitty diet, your repugnant farts contribute more to global warming. So fuck you.
If your stomach is actually blocking your view of your feet, then you should be crying in shame. Right now. Cry.
Eating kale or bananas isn't that bad. It's not like you work in a salt mine.
