Don’t ever join the army, because you would just bring your nation down with your shitty physique. 
If it’s difficult to get out of bed in the morning it’s not because you’re tired, it’s because the muscles in your thighs evaporated.  
If people who work out disgust you, it’s because you would never do it and you have low self-esteem. Loser. 
Don't ever go out in public, because people would just see a douche that can’t contribute anything to society. 
You can't save anyone; you have no strength and your stupid excuses for not exercising harms others and makes you a twat.
You can’t even do 1 dead lift. You probably don’t even know what that is, since you’ve never done one you fuckface.
Not exercising makes you more attractive and fuckable to people you wouldn’t want to fuck in the first place.
The lack of muscles in your body make you look like gigantic condom filled with cum.
If you tried flexing your muscles—wait, you don’t have any muscles. At all.
Good thing you sit on your ass all day instead of doing some cardio, because then you'll die sooner. Rad.
Push-ups and crunches are only for people who like challenging themselves and staying healthy, which isn't you. 
Can’t do one pull-up? Pulling yourself up to safety when hanging off a ledge can't happen then, hahaha fuck you. 
You are lazy and can’t workout because you are weak and a loser, and later in life you will be a sad, sad person.
Are you embarrassed of your body? Well, you should be. When you have no muscles you look like an exaggerated cartoon character.
Your miniscule biceps show that you can’t lift anything heavier than your forearms.
Dude, just do like 10 squats. Try it. Try accomplishing something for once in your shitty life.
Do you have low self-esteem because you have no muscles? Well, that’s what happens when you have no muscles. Boo hoo.
Staring at a computer screen doesn't burn calories; it burns your soul and your sex appeal.
You know what’s sexy to people? Working out. But since you don’t do that, no one will cum when thinking of you.
If you're exercising and not sweating, you're actually not getting stronger. All jokes aside, I'm being serious. 
Staring at sexy people at a gym is a great way to ensure you won't get fit and you'll go home and masturbate. Creep.
Since the gym is so far, you should probably just stay home and collect dust and more belly fat.
Every minute that you’re not working out, more and more children die. That’s not true, but it should be.
Those aren’t muscles on your arms, they’re disgusting blobs where your dreams go to die.
Your legs look like they forgot what running feels like.
If you stare into the mirror, being depressed at how out-of-shape you are, then, well, what do you expect? You look horrible.
Since you’re so out of shape you look like a splatter of pancake batter.
Wow, nice 6-pack! Oh wait; I’m lying.
If someone slapped your belly the jiggles would register on the Richter scale.
Your belly is so huge that an archaeologist can excavate prehistoric artifacts from it.
There is so much fat in your belly that you can actually use it as fossil fuel. Probably. I dunno.
Your prodigious stomach decreases your already shitty mobility by 500%. Do the math.
If you raise your arms over your head and you get tired, then you just proved you offer nothing in life.
You are a weakling (get it? Because the app is called You Weakling.)
Compared to a fit person, you have 1000 less developed muscles. I have no proof of this, but everyone believes it.
DO ONE FUCKING SIT-UP. IF YOU CAN’T DO IT THEN PUNCH YOURSELF IN THE FACE.
Oh, you do work out? Do you sweat a ton when you do? No? Hahaha then you're not accomplishing anything! 
If you don’t exercise often, then that light at the end of the tunnel comes a lot sooner, you fuck.
If you take the number of jumping jacks you can do, divide by 500, and you get a number that’s less than 1, then you’re a prick.
You offend every race out there by not exercising. It doesn’t make that much sense, but for the sake of this app let’s say it does.
STOP READING THIS AND FUCKING EXERCISE.
You should work out your core. If you don’t know what that is…then look it up. Figure it out. Geez.
The more days that pass since you’ve worked out, the more friends you’ll lose.
Seeing you at the gym would be like seeing something that doesn’t exist.
If you were ever chased by slow-moving zombies, you would not out-run them and die instantly.
I’m sure going for a walk must be completely alien to you.
If you can’t see your abs, it’s because you are lazy, disgusting, lazy, and inactive, so fuck you.
If you are too scared to go to the gym because you think everyone will judge you, then, well, just go to your room and cry.
Gym spelled backwards is myg. You’re a myg. This doesn’t make any sense. Just fucking exercise, please.
You’re so weak that breathing must feel bench-pressing a car with your genitalia.