If you want to do something but you’re scared, then you'll never be happy, and you deserve it.
Your problems are meaningless. Don’t give it more power by crying.
Don’t live with your weaknesses; confront them and beat them into oblivion.
Things aren’t going to go your way? Welcome to life. 
If a bird shits on your face, then, well, that’s just life. Woooo!
Those obstacles in your life won’t go away if you mope at them.
Your expectations will slap you in the face and kick you in the genitalia. Sorta.
If you’re alive, then that’s not bad. So stop complaining.
Hash-tagging #firstworldproblems still means you’re a bourgeoisie douche.
There’s room for improvement, and in your case it will always be like that.
All the times you muttered under your breath “I suck,” you were right.
If things are going ok, that means you’re ignoring something that's important.
Hey, fuck you! 
You need to tell yourself: I am a boring, boring, boring fuck.
Nobody likes you.
Even if the path to enlightenment is covered in shit, you still gotta walk it.
Being honest is only for those that are humble & empathetic, which isn’t you.
A dog that licks his asshole has more world experience than you.
If your failures don’t strengthen you, then…hmmm…go fuck yourself.
Your comfort zone will always make you a myopic fuck, and you'll probably go to hell.
You should group yourself in the navel-gazing fuckwits group, because you are one.
If you try really hard, you can make yourself not be the source of forest fires.
If you died right now and thought “I led a good life,” then you're wrong. Sorry.
Feeling good for yourself is code for “I’m a smug, self-indulgent bowl of cum.”
Your “life struggles” are as significant as a fat man rubbing his nipples.
The smell of your farts contains more stimulating elements than you. 
Expecting things to get easier is like expecting money to shoot out your ass. 
The opinion that you’re myopic, self-absorbed, and a narcissist is totally…correct.
In Opposite World, you’d be a great person. 
The only thing you offer to the world is noise pollution.
Your problems would be found in the “Who Gives A Fuck” store, if that was real.
A monkey flinging his or her own poo has more merit then your societal contributions.
When I stare into your soul, I see a creature wearing pork chops as a hat.
If you’re not helping others then you’ll die a sad, regrettable person. Waaah!!
Your soul weighs 21 grams of nothing.
If you lament being a failure and a douche, but you don't change, then you can go fuck yourself.
If you are at where you want to be in life, then you’re basically useless now.
A newborn baby contributes happiness; you, on the hand, contribute malaria.
If things are looking grim, and you’re feeling down…THEN GET UP AND FIX SHIT.
A kid eating his boogers has a better understanding of our world then you do.
If you get pissed off when reading these sayings, then that means they're working.
If you have “safety nets” in your life, you will learn nothing about being alive.
Nobody would ever learn the essence of life when interacting with you.
The only people that would be inspired by you are other stupid poopy-heads.
The trail you leave behind in life is filled with dead insects and dog shit.
The owl mascot in this app’s logo has more self-worth than you.
If you’re scared to look inward at your own flaws, then I think you smell funny.
The world’s collective anger comes from your lack of character.
Wake up, breath, stretch, eat, and continue being an un-progressive bore since you're too lazy to change.
You weakling. Rise up, and move past being that.
