You’re single because you are a deeply unpleasant human being.
Nobody wants to be seen in public with an insecure, narcissist douchebag like you.
Don’t blame someone who doesn’t love you back—YOU DON’T ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANT.
Unless you deal with your issues you will most likely die alone. I'm not sorry for saying that. 
Thinking you deserve a partner is like asking for a trillion dollars to suddenly enter your bank account.
Your flaws are keeping you from being in a relationship, but I guess that’s just “crazy talk.”
If you're sad because of a break-up, go to another country and “find yourself’ like other self-indulgent narcissist fucks.
It doesn’t matter that you can’t find love or broke up with someone. The sun is still careening towards death.
If you covered yourself in sloth poop, you’re already made yourself more interesting and appealing.
If you're looking for the “perfect one,” it doesn’t exist. You’re better off masturbating to your fantasies.
Nobody wants to talk to you at parties because you look gross and offer nothing compelling.
You’re the only one in your group that is single because…oh wait you also have no friends.
If you wrote a song about why love seems to elude you, it’d be the number one hit in Fuckfaceville.
Your broken heart can only be mended by a shitty love song and some tacos. 
WAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH NOBODY LIKES ME WAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!
If cupid ever hit you with an arrow, she (or he) would hastily ask for you to return it.
In your current state, the person that could fall in love with you doesn’t exist.
The effort that’s required to mend your broken heart would be a colossal waste of time. 
If you wrote an e-book about your relationships and uploaded it, you would single-handedly destroy the Internet.
Whenever you enter a person’s life, you are automatically the cause of his or her downfall.
If you tried online dating, your profile would automatically crash the site. 'Cuz you're a bore.
Your online dating profile spreads angry viruses to those that view it.
If you were to create an online dating profile, the webmaster would automatically flag it as spam.
True love evades you like a fighter jet desperately trying to lose 40 incoming heat-seeking missiles.
If you’re shallow and want a meaningful relationship, then you should go to a town where nothing makes sense. Like Shreveport.
If you’re finding it hard to hook up with people…you should activate the “Exercise” category.
If you can’t seem to hook up with people, it’s because you’re fraudulent, dishonest, insincere, and smelly.
If you’re afraid to be honest with yourself, you’ll grow into a lonely, miserable, & troubled sack of shit.
Your lack of strength to swallow your pride and better your relationship makes you an uber douche.
The only thing that lasts longer than your relationships is an atom splitting in two.
If you wrote the book on love, everyone would start internally hemorrhaging. 
That special someone is always just beyond your grasp, because your hands are oily and you’re a fuckhead.
That’s not love in the air you’re smelling, it’s your best qualities leaving you through your fart clouds.
Your lack of empathy means the only sexual action you’ll get is when you get a pat-down at airport security.  
Nobody is attracted to your shitty pheromones.
If you can’t look within yourself to fix your flaws and your relationship, then what do you expect? You’re fucked.
Every married couple that looks at you regrets nothing.
If you’re not thinking about your significant other’s feelings then he/she wants to see your guts splattered on the walls.
If you start to fall in love with someone, you should just stop and not waste their time.
If you can’t understand your partner’s feelings, you deserve to watch him/her be fucked by someone else.
If you are desperately trying to find love it will float further away from you like a jizz-covered blue balloon.
A dog humping a cat is more appealing than the way you mount your partner.
A dog eating his own vomit is more interesting you yearning for love. 
The world would still keep turning even if you can’t seem to maintain a relationship.
If you fell in love with someone with the exact same personality as you…he/she would hate you.
If a bird shits on your face, then you’d be staring at your future love life.
If you think love in the air, then you probably just farted.
Manic jealousy and suspiciousness are signs that you have massive issues and your partner will leave you.
If love is a one-way street to you, then I hope your car explodes (not literally, but go fuck yourself).
You're not as important as your significant other. You’re like a rotting apple core on the side of the road.