If you’re leaving a comment on your friend’s photo, you are indirectly murdering an unborn child.
Cool; you shared another funny video to your friends. Please finish that fucking paper.
If you watch another goddamn funny cat video, then…hang on a sec, my friend is showing me a funny cat video.
If you actually studied for once, every news channel would report it as “Breaking News.”
If I got a penny for every time you opened your textbook, then I’d finally know what a penny looks like.
Masturbation rhymes with I-lack-discipine-and-will-fail-my-classes. Sorta. You get me, right?
If you hit a wall when studying and need to masturbate, then I hope your genitals implode.
Your books contain knowledge, but since you don’t read them you’ll die awash in ignorance and misery.
Finishing an essay must be like doing a fucking triathlon to you.
If God told you that you have to study for 3 hours straight in order to go to Heaven, then you’d definitely burn in Hell.
Stalking your crush online is a great way to prepare for your exam, if your exam was on steps to being a fucking loser. 
All the cum that gushes out of your genitals carries your chances of getting good grades.
If aliens came and peered into your dorm window, then they’d vaporize this planet out of disgust.
Studying, like fucking, takes energy, thrust, and passion, which are things that you lack.
You’re making great use of your student loans by looking at Internet memes.
If you don’t know where to start when sitting down to study, you should start by studying.
If your essay’s word count is less than 100 after many hours, then I hope 100 different kinds of animal crap lands on you.
Doing your homework at the last minute is a great way to get through school and to prove that you have the shittiest work ethic.
The world needs more people like you that can’t focus and study, because that will save our planet. Yeah.
You didn’t finish your homework, but at least we now know tissue companies won't go out of business.
You didn’t finish your homework, but at least your dildo wasn’t lonely.
The area in your room with the most amount of dust and cobwebs is probably where your textbooks are.
When you get that "F," just tell yourself that it stands for "Fun." Otherwise you'll be a very sad person.
If a sloth sauntered into your class, shat on a piece of paper and turned it in, it would still get a higher grade than you. 
You doing dada performance art in front of your class during an exam would yield the same result as you actually taking the test.
In times when you don’t feel like studying, the best thing to do is take your pee and pour it over your head. 
The less you study, the less the world rotates on its axis due to your stupidity slowing it down.
If you finish your homework ahead of time, you just might find that dignity you’ve always been looking for.
Your teacher will remember you as the bland student that did only the bare minimum as you fade further into obscurity.
If you cloned your exact opposite, then you’d get a valedictorian. 
It seems you give off a scent that instantly repels good grades. At least that’s a conversation starter.
If people looked at your grades, they’d think they were staring at a jumbled anagram. 
If you’re looking at porn, people sucking and fucking each other won’t provide answers for your upcoming exam.
If you hate failing exams, but you still do it, then you share the same masochistic tendencies as a dominatrix.
Success in school comes after you’ve put you've tucked your genitals back in and pulled up your pants.
Even if you think grades are bullshit, you gotta admit—-getting that A gets you hard.
If playing video games actually improved your grades, you’re be the student of the millennium.
Not studying will bring you pain, misery, suffering, and sore genitals. And for some reason you'll shit yourself.
Reading your textbooks probably induces massive migraines in your microscopic brain.
Watching you get good grades would be like watching a giraffe attempt to create a low-fat quinoa salad.
Looking at your computer screen, it seems your research is going well. What’s your paper on, bukkake?
Slap some ice-cold water on your nipples and asshole and hit up those textbooks.
Looking at your graded exam is like looking at a bloody tissue.
If you lie on your bed to take a break from studying, then you've created a future where humanity loses.
If you don’t study, then slowly over time you’ll transition into a fascist.
Go outside and look at the graceful beauty of nature, and then sit your stupid ass down and study.
To attain greatness, you must study. To attain dirty socks filled with your cum, keep doing what you do.
Take off your diarrhea-filled diapers and study for your exams.
You study as hard as a 2 year old trying to figure what career path she wants to embark on.
Seeing you get an “A” on an exam would be like seeing you actually being welcome at a party.